Improve information about group offloading and layerwise casting (#11101)
huggingface/diffusers: docs/source/en/optimization/memory.md

Group offloading (for CUDA devices with support for asynchronous data transfer streams) overlaps data transfer and computation to reduce the overall execution time compared to sequential offloading. This is enabled using layer prefetching with CUDA streams. The next layer to be executed is loaded onto the accelerator device while the current layer is being executed - this increases the memory requirements slightly. Group offloading also supports leaf-level offloading (equivalent to sequential CPU offloading) but can be made much faster when using streams.

<Tip>

> - Group offloading may not work with all models out-of-the-box. If the forward implementations of the model contain weight-dependent device-casting of inputs, it may clash with the offloading mechanism's handling of device-casting.

Reviewer: Should also mention that it can be disabled on modules with the skip patterns.

Author: We don't support skipping in group offloading. Will mention for layerwise casting though

- The `offload_type` parameter can be set to either `block_level` or `leaf_level`. `block_level` offloads groups of `torch::nn::ModuleList` or `torch::nn:Sequential` modules based on a configurable attribute `num_blocks_per_group`. For example, if you set `num_blocks_per_group=2` on a standard transformer model containing 40 layers, it will onload/offload 2 layers at a time. This drastically reduces the VRAM requirements. `leaf_level` offloads individual layers at the lowest level, which is equivalent to sequential offloading. However, unlike sequential offloading, group offloading can be made much faster when using streams, with minimal compromise to end-to-end generation time.

> - The `use_stream` parameter can be used on CUDA devices to enable layer prefetching. It defaults to `False` and is disabled by default. Layer prefetching allows overlapping computation and data transfer of modeling weights, which drastically reduces the overall execution time compared to other offloading methods. However, it may increase the VRAM requirements slightly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `use_stream` parameter can be used with CUDA devices to enable prefetching layers for onload/offload. It defaults to `False`. Layer prefetching allows overlapping computation and data transfer of model weights, which drastically reduces the overall execution time compared to other offloading methods. However, it can increase the CPU RAM usage significantly. Ensure that available CPU RAM that is at least twice the size of the model when setting `use_stream=True`. You can find more information about CUDA streams [here](https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/generated/torch.cuda.Stream.html)
```

Author: > enable prefetching layers for onload/offload

This should only be "enable prefetching layers for onload" actually, since we only do data reassignment for offloading. I'll update it

> - If specifying `use_stream=True` on VAEs, make sure to do a dummy forward pass (possibly with dummy inputs) before the actual inference to avoid device-mismatch errors. This may not work on all implementations. Please open an issue if you encounter any problems.

Author: ```suggestion
- If specifying `use_stream=True` on VAEs with tiling enabled, make sure to do a dummy forward pass (possibly with dummy inputs) before the actual inference to avoid device-mismatch errors. This may not work on all implementations. Please open an issue if you encounter any problems.
```

However, you gain more control and flexibility by directly utilizing the [`~hooks.layerwise_casting.apply_layerwise_casting`] function instead of [`~ModelMixin.enable_layerwise_casting`].

<Tip>

> - Layerwise casting may not work with all models out-of-the-box. Sometimes, the forward implementations of the model contain weight-dependent typecasting of inputs. Such implementations are not supported due to the currently simplistic implementation of layerwise casting, which assumes that the forward pass is independent of the weight precision and that the input dtypes are always in `compute_dtype`. An example of an incompatible implementation can be found [here](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/blob/7f5077e53682ca855afc826162b204ebf809f1f9/src/transformers/models/t5/modeling_t5.py#L294-L299).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Layerwise casting may not work with all models out-of-the-box. Sometimes, the forward implementations of the model might contain internal typecasting of weight values. Such implementations are not supported due to the currently simplistic implementation of layerwise casting, which assumes that the forward pass is independent of the weight precision and that the input dtypes are always in `compute_dtype`. An example of an incompatible implementation can be found [here](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/blob/7f5077e53682ca855afc826162b204ebf809f1f9/src/transformers/models/t5/modeling_t5.py#L294-L299).
```

> - Layerwise casting may not work with all models out-of-the-box. Sometimes, the forward implementations of the model contain weight-dependent typecasting of inputs. Such implementations are not supported due to the currently simplistic implementation of layerwise casting, which assumes that the forward pass is independent of the weight precision and that the input dtypes are always in `compute_dtype`. An example of an incompatible implementation can be found [here](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/blob/7f5077e53682ca855afc826162b204ebf809f1f9/src/transformers/models/t5/modeling_t5.py#L294-L299).

Reviewer: Should also mention that it can be disabled on modules with the skip patterns.
